alright good evening everybody my name
is rich a i may add in reviewer for the
we got served windows home server
website the terry walsh microsoft MVP
created i wanted tonight to do a
screencast a little bit different review
of a custom add-in to show you on the
screen how you walk through doing one of
these installations a little more visual
and the 1 i'm going to show you tonight
is windows home server customizer it was
an add-in bill by j Henrik's it's a very
simple one but yet he's left some room
for expansion which i'm sure he's going
to put some great additions to it down
the road but for tonight it's capable of
letting us change the default image
that's displayed on your home service
remote web page right now it's like it's
a very happy running around in the yard
family well we if you want to make that
more personal so it reflects something
more of yourself or your family or
anything else this gives you the option
to do that it makes it very easy first
thing we want to do though is obviously
we want to go to the we got served co uk
webpage click on the Add Ins link and
about two-thirds down the page you'll
find JS add-in called whs em customizer
we want to click on that grab it for
download now i take any downloads myself
this just the way I work I'm going to
stick it in the temp directory because
what I'm eventually going to do is I'm
going to open up my software directory
on my windows home server in the add-ins
directory I want to copy that file over
into there so I'm going to go find that
there it is ok there's my computer
there's my temp directory I'm going to
take the customizer right there I'm
going to copy it I'm going to open up my
software directory I'm going to click on
the Add Ins and i'm going to paste it in
here now that stores it on my home
server and so it'll be available to me
to download and install so now i'll open
up my windows home server by clicking on
the system tray icon
and what you want to do is once this
opens up you want to come over here to
the button called settings so we'll
click on that and what you'll find is
you'll find a link on the left hand menu
that says add is you want to click on
that and you open up a window on the
right that shows you what's installed
and what's available because we put that
customizer in that add-ins directory it
will show up as available to us to
install and right there's a button hit
the install button it does its work its
installed you get a window that says hey
it's succeeded it's ready to go we got
to shut down the console now so you hit
ok the console will shut off it'll
unconnect you'll get this window that
says hey it's disconnected and that's
fine just clear that and then click the
login button again on the server console
alright now we're going to go back to
the Settings button on the top right
hand side of the toolbar and you'll see
that we now have a new menu option
called whs customizer want to click on
that and you'll get the main window for
the customizer in right as you see jay's
built it so there's room for it to grow
he's got three more spots there but for
now he's made the functionality to be
able to change the image on your remote
web page so we'll click Launch and I've
already been messing around with this ad
in so you see I've got a nice picture of
myself there and also I've got the
family that's the original picture and
what you do here is you create a library
of images so how did I get this one will
top left you see create new image you
click on that you get the dialog box I'm
going to open up my photos and I'm going
to go to the directory of the photos I
want to use and I'm going to use this
one right here so I double click on that
and there it is and now you see what i
have is i have this red square so i can
just bring that in focus on any area i
want and click to take it now up at the
top what you'll see is i loaded the new
image you get a nice green checkmark got
the preview ready to go I want to look
at the preview there you go so you can
see what looks like i can close this if
i don't like it i can move the thing
around again by clicking inside but
let's say I'm happy with that picture
will Center in a little bit and we're
good now we'll say safe you get a little
alert that says the image is saved it's
in the library so now as you can see
here I've got three choices for my main
picture myself myself in the family and
I'm going to pick this one and I'm going
to say update the website image again
quick alert that says it's been done and
it closes I say okay and I exit the
windows home server console so now what
has changed well what you have to do is
you have to log into
your windows home server via the name
you registered when you install it on
the homeserver com domain and there you
go on my remote web page it's a picture
mina you can put anything you want here
picture the family picture your computer
picture your dog it really doesn't
matter at least the flexibility up to
you which is the great part about this
ad in a lot of people didn't want to
have that picture there and they liked
the ability to go in there and change it
when they want change it to suit their
tastes so this is the windows home
server customizer add in and you can
find it on the we got served windows
home server web page thanks for your
attention see you next time